Replace a Wrong Term in problem_solving.md (#23549)
TheOdinProject/curriculum: foundations/javascript_basics/problem_solving.md

> Our FizzBuzz solution will be a command line program, so we don't need an interface. The only user interaction will be allowing users to enter a number.

Reviewer: Since we're changing command line to prompt, this needs to be changed as well:
```suggestion
Our FizzBuzz solution will be a browser console program, so we don't need an interface. The only user interaction will be allowing users to enter a number.
```
